# Project Proposal
Natural disasters have significantly increased over the past 20 years due to climate change ([United Nations News](https://news.un.org/en/story/2020/10/1075142), 2020). The disasters can cause various influences on society, such as economic damage and high death toll, although these impacts vary by country. Therefore, **my research questions are: 1) which countries are more vulnerable to natural disasters? 2) How do natural disasters affect vulnerable populations in Indonesia?** 

The first part of the project is an analysis of the global disaster trends by visualizing geographical locations of high disaster risk countries in order to understand what areas are more likely to have more natural disasters and be affected by those disasters. The second part of the project is an analysis of the disaster impacts on vulnerable populations in Indonesia, one of the highest disaster risk countries. In 2019, earthquakes and flood events led to 486,000 new displacements (Internal Displacement Monitoring Centre). Many of these displaced people live with a lack of food, water, and primary healthcare. In this project, I will analyze the low socio-economic level and the death toll after a disaster. In terms of data sources, I will use the [Centre for Research on the Epidemiology of Disasters](https://www.cred.be/) and the [World Bank Open Data](https://data.worldbank.org/).

The goal of this project is to gain an understanding of what impacts natural disasters bring on the global scale, as well as how people from low-income communities are affected by disasters and why they are at-risk populations for the disaster impacts. 

